c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.pdb
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.dll.manifest
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.vsto
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Excel.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.xml
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.xml
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.xml
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Excel.xml
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.dll
c:\users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.pdb
C:\Users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\ksawery.jasienski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelAddIn1\ExcelAddIn1\obj\Debug\ExcelAddIn1.PageNameDialog.resources
